[Manifest] (guidance) Add guidance re maintaining separate manifest file for each environment. (#1517)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/includes/manifest-guidance.md

> [!TIP]
> If you'll be testing your add-in across multiple environments (for example, in development, staging, demo, etc.), we recommend that you maintain a different XML manifest file for each environment. In each manifest file, you can:
> - Specify the URLs that correspond to the environment.

> > - Customize metadata values like `DisplayName` and labels within `Resources` to indicate the environment (so that end users will be able to identify the environment a sideloaded add-in corresponds to). 

Reviewer: Don't know if you need the ()s here? Also getting rid of preposition at end of sentence
```suggestion
> - Customize metadata values like `DisplayName` and labels within `Resources` to indicate the environment, so that end users will be able to identify a sideloaded add-in's corresponding environment. 
```

> > - Customize the custom functions `namespace` to indicate the environment (if your add-in defines custom functions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Customize the custom functions `namespace` to indicate the environment, if your add-in defines custom functions.
```
